<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ev="http://www.w3.org/2001/xml-events" xmlns:xf="http://www.w3.org/2002/xforms"><head><title>XForms Colored Vertical Tab Menu</title><style>
        @namespace xf url("http://www.w3.org/2002/xforms");
        /* all the attributes of each tab, except the background color */
        body {font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;}
        
        /* instructions for styling the vertontal tabs at the top of the form */
        #vert-tab-menu {
           float: left; /* this keeps the tabs to the left and allow the swap views to appear on the right side of the menus */
           width: 100px; /* this must be the same as the margin-left of the swapped views */
           height: 200px; /* the height of the entire swap view */
        }
        #vert-tab-menu xf|trigger {
            display: block; /* this forces each tab to a new line i.e. not inline */
            border-left: gray solid 1px;
            border-top: gray solid 1px;
            border-bottom: gray solid 1px;
            border-right: 0px; /* so the tab blends into the region under the tab */
            font-weight: bold;
            margin-bottom: 3px; /* spacing between the tabs */
            padding: 3px;
            /* round corners on the left edges of the tab - does not work on older versions of IE */
            -webkit-border-top-left-radius: 5px;
            -webkit-border-bottom-left-radius: 5px;
            -moz-border-radius-topleft: 5px;
            -moz-border-radius-bottomright: 5px;
            border-top-left-radius: 5px;
            border-bottom-left-radius: 5px;
        }

        /* properties common to all the swapped views */
        #div-1,#div-2,#div-3 {
             position: absolute;
             margin-left:100px; /* must match the width of the float left menu */
             width: 400px;
             padding: 5px;
             border-top: solid gray 1px;
             border-right: solid gray 1px;
             border-bottom: solid gray 1px;
        }
        #tab-1, #div-1  {
            background-color: #DDD; /* light gray */
        }
        #tab-2, #div-2  {
            background-color: lightblue;
        }
        #tab-3, #div-3  {
            background-color: khaki;
        }
        .clear {clear:both;} /* put a div with this to make sure we don't have elements under this */
        </style></head><body><h2>Using switch and case to simulate a vertical tab-view.</h2><div><div id="vert-tab-menu"><xf:trigger id="tab-1" appearance="minimal"><xf:label>Tab 1 Title</xf:label><xf:toggle case="case-1" ev:event="DOMActivate"/></xf:trigger><xf:trigger id="tab-2" appearance="minimal"><xf:label>Tab 2 Title</xf:label><xf:toggle case="case-2" ev:event="DOMActivate"/></xf:trigger><xf:trigger id="tab-3" appearance="minimal"><xf:label>Tab 3 Title</xf:label><xf:toggle case="case-3" ev:event="DOMActivate"/></xf:trigger></div><xf:switch><xf:case id="case-1" selected="true"><div id="div-1">
                    This view is only displayed when tab 1 is selected.<br/>
                    This view is only displayed when tab 1 is selected.<br/>
                    This view is only displayed when tab 1 is selected.<br/>
                    This view is only displayed when tab 1 is selected.<br/></div></xf:case><xf:case id="case-2"><div id="div-2">
                    This view is only displayed when tab 2 is selected.<br/>
                    This view is only displayed when tab 2 is selected.<br/>
                    This view is only displayed when tab 2 is selected.<br/>
                    This view is only displayed when tab 2 is selected.<br/></div></xf:case><xf:case id="case-3"><div id="div-3">
                    This view is only displayed when tab 3 is selected.<br/>
                    This view is only displayed when tab 3 is selected.<br/>
                    This view is only displayed when tab 3 is selected.<br/>
                    This view is only displayed when tab 3 is selected.<br/></div></xf:case></xf:switch></div><div class="clear"/><p>This XForms example shows how the switch and case statements can be
        used to simulate a multi-part form with a row of vertical tabs at
        the left side of the form.  Background colors are used to show which
        tab is the currently selected tab.</p></body></html>